README.md, before:

# ScionApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.2.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Implement querying Strava for access token and saving it to local storage

README.md, after:

# Strava SCION Workbench

A simple implementation of the SCION Workbench project that helps visualize Strava data.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Usage

In order to access your Strava profile data, there's a few prerequisites to check:
1. You have created an API Application on your Strava profile following [this guide](https://developers.strava.com/docs/getting-started/)
2. You have accessed your API Application data on [your API Application page](https://www.strava.com/settings/api) and can read the following:
  * `client_id`
  * `client_secret`
3. You have added that information to the `environment.ts` file.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
